Don't be impulsive
The Zhao family is too strong
Are you not his opponent?
I think you are delusional
Qin Guardian, don't be deceived by him.
I know exactly what kind of virtue this kid has
If you want to treat him, you are probably wrong
My Zhao family is a Taoist family, a small gang
Accompany my grandfather
That's always coming
The ancestor of the Zhao family has retired for many years and will no longer take action
Can you really ask him to come out of the mountain?
How hard is it?
If the scenery is cured, Qi will protect it
After curing Ye Huan and my Qi family, there will be no cause and effect
If you want to kill, if you want to give up your listening deity, you are a dirt bag
Sister, the magic doctor of Battle.net is a petrifier.
He can only live if you
Yes, father.
Don't be so lively
It doesn't stop you from being too arrogant
It's good to teach a lesson
I see you are witnessing the clock
blind
You deserve to die just by what you say
Then don't kneel down and beg me for a while
Where is the jade seal you handed down?
Where is the jade seal that will be handed down soon?
Hey, grandpa, you came just in time.
I heard that you got the cup of handed down jade seal
Give it to me quickly
I'm of great use.
in hand
I had it all
As a result, he stole it
Boy, the Great Xia martial arts elders are coming later
This preview is about the power of the dragon veins of Great Xia
You can't hold it
Hand him over now
Has the dragon vein changed?
Latest News
Building dragon vein array
About to trigger a major earthquake in southern Xinjiang
The Blue Pagoda of Southern Xinjiang is in an instant
This preview can suppress the dragon vein